Update README with new Sonar info (#1095)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: README.md

## Sonar Integration

> This project uses Sonar for static code analysis, monitoring test coverage and potential issues in our codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses Sonar for static code analysis, monitoring test coverage, and potential issues in the Host Inventory codebase.
```

Author: Ah, you're right. It used to be that Sonar was the scanning tool, and SonarQube was the server. However, it looks like the whole thing has changed to be called SonarQube instead - I'll fix that!
However, I disagree with the second comma: I'm saying that it monitors test coverage and potential issues. If I added the comma, the reduced statement would imply that it "uses SonarQube for potential issues`, which doesn't work grammatically.

Reviewer: @kruai Did you see the latest suggestion?

Author: @thearifismail Which one? I already changed it from Sonar to SonarQube

Reviewer: @kruai this one https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory/pull/1095#discussion_r808381241

Author: Ah, I did not realize that you had changed it again. It's not grammatically correct, so I can't change it to that sentence exactly. But I can add the `Host Inventory codebase` bit, if that's the most important part

Author: I can also reword the sentence if that will help

Author: @thearifismail Does it look better?
